pipeline {
agent any
stages {
 stage (checkout code) {
			steps {
}
}
stage () {




a= empty
b= files



Can you introduce about yourself?
Can you tell me about your roles and responsibilities?
What is command for list down the files in directory?
What is the command to remove directory and that directory contains number of directories inside?
What is git merge?
How do you resolve merge conflicts?
What is git rebase?
Write sample Jenkinsfile?
What is CI/CD?
How do you create Jenkins agent?
How do you create service for Jenkins agent?
We have Ip addresses and string columns in a file, i need only Ip address. how you will do it?
How do you sort numbers 1 to 10?
Write shell script for 1 to 10 prime numbers?
We are have two directories A and B. A is have files and b is empty directory then i need to copy files from A to B. So, what command i can use for that?
What is docker?
What is static code analysis?
Did you involved on creating quality gates in SonarQube?
We have one file in that we have many strings then i need particular string. What command we can use for that?
What command we can use to change directory?
Which SCM are you using?
What is the last condition you are using before post actions in your pipeline script?
Where you can define upstream jobs in Jenkins?
Where you are placing your pipeline in Jenkins or in any SCM?
How many conditions we can use for post build actions?
What is meant by stages in Jenkinsfile?
What is meant by shebang line(#!/bin/bash) in shell script?
Are you using default quality gate or creating quality gates in SonarQube?
Can you explain the flow of pipeline script?
How will you share artifacts from one job to another job?
What is the command to clone the repo?
What are the projects you did and tell me the names?
Explain the flow of projects you did?
How many stages do you have in your pipeline script and what are they?
Do you know about python?
What do you observe build before static code analysis and build after static code analysis?  


